Configure error suppression updates (#251)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/configure-error-suppression.mdx

</Table>

<Admonition>

>   The primitives expect circuits in a form suitable to execute on the target system. You may use the Qiskit transpiler locally to translate abstract circuits into this target circuit form. For now, the primitives will attempt low-cost transformations if given a circuit that is not already in target form. In the future, primitives will error on such circuits.

Reviewer: I think it would be good to add a more explicit CTA to users to go use the transpiler here, something like this:

```suggestion
  The primitives expect circuits in a form suitable to execute on the target system. You may use the Qiskit transpiler locally to translate abstract circuits into this target circuit form. 
  
At present, the primitives will attempt low-cost transformations if given a circuit that is not already in target form, but in future primitives will error on such circuits. So it is recommended that users take advantage of the local compilation capabilities of the Qiskit transpiler wherever possible.
```
